<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="asking_good_for_questions_for_ai_bots">
    <title>Asking Good Questions for Chatbots</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Asking Gwen certain kinds of questions will produce better answers; better questions lead
            to more intelligence; more intelligence means a more reliable, trustworthy bot. In a lot
            of ways, Gwen is built by the user, and for the user. </p>
        <p>But what kinds of questions <i>can </i>Gwen answer? Well, in short: anything. But, some
            questions won't get relevant answers. For example, if you ask Gwen how to make Beef
            Wellington, she's probably not going to be helpful. But, if you ask her where your
            nearest pharmacy is, <i>then </i>she will be helpful! </p>
        <p>Whenever you ask Gwen a question, <b>try your best to make it healthcare related.
            </b>Gwen is a bot built for virtuwell consumers seen in the online clinic. So, Gwen's
            niche is healthcare! </p>
        <p>Now, there are two kinds of of good questions: </p>
        <p><b>Open-Ended Questions.</b>Questions that are open-ended are questions that cannot be
            answered with yes/no answers, and require more detail. A good place to start with Gwen
            would be questions starting with "who, what, when, where, and why." As these are broad
            categories, Gwen can quickly dive into each category and start looing for answers.</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_e4k_lwf_ybb">
                <li><i>"Where is the nearest Walgreens in zip code 55116?"</i></li>
                <li><i>"What is a Z-pack?"</i></li>
                <li><i>"Why am I not getting my antibiotic?"</i></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p><b>Close-Ended Questions. </b>Close-ended questions can be answered with yes/no - think
            the questions you'd ask a good old Magic 8 ball. Gwen is really quick when it comes to
            picking up on these - and she's a little more detailed than a Magic 8 ball. If you ask a
            question that can be answered with yes or no, you'll be narrowing down content in Gwen's
            database from which she can pull. </p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_vj2_rwf_ybb">
                <li><i>"Gwen, tell me about pink eye; is it contagious?"</i></li>
                <li><i>"Do I need to be worried about taking Amoxicillin if I'm
                    breastfeeding?"</i></li>
                <li><i>"Are you open on Christmas Day?"</i></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
