<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="telehealth">
    <title>Telehealth and Security: What You Need to Know</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Telehealth is an exciting, innovative field that is bringing faster, more accurate care
            to more places than ever before. But with telehealth and the internet comes a risk of
            information being compromised. That's the nature of the internet - but we're here to
            make sure you are safe, healthy, and happy. </p>
        <p>Like any website, there is a risk of information being hacked or accessed. At virtuwell,
            we take your security very seriously and make it a critical part of our mission to keep
            it safe. You can view our Privacy Policy by going to virtuwell.com and scrolling to the
            bottom of the screen. </p>
        <p>With Gwen, we don't actually need any of your personal information - so there's no need
            to enter it. But, if you do, we automatically remove it from our caches and databases
            using a tagging system. When it's tagged, we go in and delete any personal health
            information (PHI). We keep the great questions you ask - but none of it is traceable to
            you, your IP address, or location. </p>
        <p>The only thing we keep from  your conversation is the information you want us to keep.
            When you exit Gwen, you have the option to "submit chat." When you do, your questions
            (minus the PHI) are submitted, tagged, and added to her knowledge base. The knowledge
            base is regularly monitored by our team, so the answers are as accurate as possible. If
            you don't want to share your chat with Gwen's database, simple say "no" or exit out of
            the bot. Done! Nothing is saved locally or externally. </p>
        <p>Of course, if you have questions, give us a call at <xref href="tel:1-877-440-1001"
                format="" scope="external">1-877-440-1001</xref> or email us at <xref
                href="mailto:experience@virtuwell.com" format="html" scope="external"
                >experience@virtuwell.com</xref>. We're here 24/7/365 for you.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
